PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy explains How We receive, use and (in Certain Cases) của disclose personal information. Policy explains the steps cũng We Take to secure the personal information of customers table. Finally, this Privacy Policy will explain right choice của Regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information.

This Privacy Policy is information is an integral and integrated part together with the terms and use of Written Agreements under our policies posted on this site. When you access and use this site (Including the registration of online services), you agree chúng hiểu khi có contents of the privacy policy of this information on this website and the relevant policies.

Users note regular checking back for updates có to the Privacy Policy of this personal information. Please see item number 10 to hiểu the information.

1. Personal information
All the content you see on the site to serve information needs and help you của chọn service. Therefore, you are using the site without any personal Providing information. Tuy nhiên, in some cases, related to the subscription service khi, We ask you to cung personal sewing information.

In the privacy policies of this, "personal information" is understood to include your name, username, address, email address, phone number, avatars or any personal information other bạn provided, or any information about you is Collected in accordance with our policies consistent with the Provisions of the current law.

2. Gather user information
2.1 Information provided by users or using the khi Accessing products or services on our website
Some of our services require users to create an account or profile. To connect using the service, unfortunately ask you to cung chúng Certain information about yourself để set up an account or profile.

When Providing information to us via this website, you consent to the collection and hiểu, use and disclosure of personal information under the terms and conditions of the privacy policy of this information.

You expressly agree and consent là personal information you cung on the site can be reserved at the headquarters or offices of us, and / or personal information lẽ stored in a number existing servers or for Purposes of unforeseen operational and site development as well as our services.

If you order a product, request a service or submit content to the site, contact you to ask chúng unfortunately you additional information NECESSARY for the processing or order complete application and / or your requirements.

2.2 The information có chúng use of services During your collect
We collect information about the services you use and của usage có. This information includes:
Device information - như của hardware model, IMEI number and the device identifier other only, MAC address, IP address, operating system version of the installation and the use of the device you to access the Service.

Log information logged - the time and duration như của use of the Service, phrase search queries you enter through the Service and any other information stored in a cookie có trên WE HAVE PUT device.

Location information - Your device's GPS như signal or information about nearby WiFi access points and cell tower could be Transmitted to us khi Certain services you use.

Other information - about your use of the Service, the applications you use như, the websites you visit and how you interact with content provided through the Service.

The information of the users để We collect will be used, stored and the information provided by tial as provided under the Provisions users Themselves of Section 2.1 of the security policies and related Provisions of the law.

3. Use of Information Users
We use personal information for the theo của Purposes:

i. Verify the identity of the person using the product or service; Contact with users exchange information about our products and services có site provides.
ii. Send information to your policy, as well as our services changes in policies, services or promotional information;
iii. Perform payment transactions, send messages khi transactions, confirm the payment;
iv. Provide support services and customer care. Upgrading our services; Handling complaints, charges, Solve problems, Disputes and claims arising;
v. Cho phép you to Use Your personal information to contact and contact with other users through the site, the site related Permits.
vi. Use personal information for your business Purposes of our analysis and management of business activities from, market research, testing, development of products and services of our determination the trends of use, quyết effective advertising strategies, promotions, product test results, service and other business Purposes consistent with the Provisions of the current law.
vii. We can associate with some other units - our partners to cung products or services to you. Meanwhile, We shouldnt nên exchange, cung của personal information to these units để bạn chúng complete. These units are not allowed to Use Your cũng personal information for other Purposes Regulations and comply with security products or services cung khi tiến hành to you. Users personal information dùng by partners are not under our control có we shall not be liable and in this case.
viii. We use cookies to your browser:
(A) của remember login information you will not have big than enter it again in your next visit to the service iHappy,
(B) cung custom, personalized content and information;
(C) monitor the effectiveness of marketing campaigns of our
(D) monitor aggregate metrics total number of visitors như and traffic,
(E) diagnostic or repair technical problems Reported by our users or staff;
(F) the information after you log in your query.
4. Storage of personal information
Your personal information will be stored at our:
i. We store and process personal information on servers located ngôn in the data center on the territory of our Vietnam.
ii. Your personal information stored at the sewing cũng beige or headquarters offices at any of us or our backup data base from time to time other;
iii. Time storage of personal information in accordance with law is done and the purpose of data storage of us.
5. Disclosure of personal information
Your personal information disclosed obligatory for state lẽ competent bodies or the relevant third parties on the drop in cases:
i. To cung cầu products or services by you; Or NECESSARY to process orders (eg register with VNNIC, settlement of Disputes)
ii. Implementation of the Obligation to personal information as required by cung state or Authorized Agencies Prescribed by law.
iii. To protect us and other third parties: We only give information and personal account information Differently khi có convinced putting this information is consistent with the law, protect the rights, assets and other third parties của.
Besides the cases disclosed above information, personal information We will not cung to a third party without permission của. We are committed to Protecting Your personal information, do not purchase của personal information for commercial Purposes to other units or any other purpose inconsistent with the Provisions of law.
6. Recognizing the browser information (cookies)
Sometimes, personal information can be put on to help us Improve Your Computer and Improve this site the quality of service to you. This information is commonly known as "cookies". "Cookies" are pieces of information stored in the hard disk or the browser on Your Computer, not on the site. They allow to collect some information about your computer như IP address, operating system, and browser mode the address of the the relevant site.

If you do not wish to receive cookies, or want to be Notified When cookies are placed, you can set the mode to do this browser của nếu hỗ browser. Please note, if you disable cookies, you will not access or use thể some of the utilities on the site without predefined. We do not deliberately restrict use in this situation của, this is only limited to the programming and building websites.

7. To Ensure the security of personal information
When programming the site, put những Provisions WE CAN Prevent access to reasonable commercial behavior and the use of illegal Inappropriate and personal information of you have sent us information by using this site. If this site hỗ online transactions, it will apply a standard technology gọi SSL (Secure Sockets Layer), to protect the security and safety on the data line.

While there are always Risks associated with the issue of Providing personal data, provided nếu trực, by phone or over the Internet, or through other technical means clustering; and no technical system is completely safe for or Against all the "hacker" and "tamper" (human intrusion to rummage information), We always Endeavor to CONDUCT These precautions APPROPRIATE for each character of the information to Prevent and minimize the Possible Risks When You use this site.

With the understanding có perfect security does not exist in the network environment (Internet) technology to protect We use standard personal information, gồm firewalls, layers security keys, encrypted data Whether. We have APPROPRIATE am also in place for physical security Measures to protect our facilities On Your personal privacy information. When We use reasonable security compared Measures, We are not liable for any loss or disclosure of Your information. Also, We are not responsible for your disclosure by our partners or other companies not under our chúng có control.

On the other hand, We ask you not to disclose or share your password or other information Identifying có cung you with anyone else chúng, Including our staff. The password and the information is the property of us thập của usage and be withdrawn in accordance with sewing our Decision. You are prohibited from using any other cũng password và không Not your account password.

8. Adjust personal information
Whenever you use our services, We cung you with access to your personal information. That information is not correct if, WE CAN allow you to Quickly update or delete information that - nếu WE HAVE TO keep information for the purpose of có legal or legitimate business.

When updating của personal information, We ask you to verify garment identity is before chúng process của bạn

We can take the initiative cũng or at the request of you added, edited or erased data is inaccurate Personally identifiable information, incomplete or not updated khi có you were associated with the activity I.

9. Subjects "Minors"
Ie minor children as Prescribed by national law in accordance with the time of application. We Refuse to serve the Individuals, under current law cũng Minors aged. Accordingly, Minors are not entitled to buy or thử use the product, nếu it's free products and services based on the terms, Provisions on this site without the consent of the three / mother or guardian, legal Representative, nếu local laws sewing impose or permit.

10. Change Regulations on privacy policy, personal information
We can change this irregular PROVISION safe a manner gồm adding, changing, or all of the part Removing contents without notice or suspend websites to the user. The Amendment, supplement or remove contents of this privacy policy is updated and posted on this site.

The supplement, remove or change contents of the privacy policy the personal information of the time will be effective from it is posted on the website. In case our Privacy Policy update personal information and you use the Services after the update, it means again you agree with (the) new terms are defined in the update.

You can check the "effective date" at the top Is Written to see khi personal information Privacy Policy was last updated of.

11. The external links this website
Site and our services can link to websites and services of third parties beyond our control. We are not responsible for the safety or security of any information nằm Collected by websites or other services. Phải be careful about the security and Considered Decisions of personal information applies to websites and third-party services use bạn.

12. Contacts and exchange of information
We will contact and exchange of information through e-mail address you cung khi có signing up for the service. Where there is a change or detect dùng e-mail addresses illegally, please notify us IMMEDIATELY to take Measures Timely support.

Please contact us with any comments or questions presented on the security agreement or Web sites owned by Gia Hung Trieu Join Stock Company email: support@giahungtrieu.net
